Detective Chief Inspector Nicola Crooks
was released from custody today
after the Metropolitan Police Cyber Crime
Unit eventually uncovered evidence
that the incriminating social media posts
were part of an organised attempt
to discredit the case against APT.
Although the cyber detectives
were thorough in their evidence,
there was a delay
in getting it to the court.
The judge presiding, Justice Nowater,
was unhappy with lateness
of the evidence,
putting the prosecution on the back foot.
However, APT eventually pled guilty,
but only after much deliberation.
For more on this,
we go to our crime reporter, Will Tellit.